Documentation pass (#1299)
visgl/react-map-gl: docs/get-started/faq.md

# FAQ

## Enable Right-to-Left Language Support

![Since v5.2.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/since-v5.2.2-green)

```js
import {setRTLTextPlugin} from 'react-map-gl';

setRTLTextPlugin(
  // find out the latest version at https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mapbox/mapbox-gl-rtl-text
  'https://api.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/plugins/mapbox-gl-rtl-text/v0.2.3/mapbox-gl-rtl-text.js',
  null,
  // lazy: only load when the map first encounters Hebrew or Arabic text
  true
);
```

This is the same as `import {setRTLTextPlugin} from 'mapbox-gl'` in the browser, but will not crash in node. The export mainly offers a convenience when using server-side rendering.

To use this API, consult Mapbox's [setRTLTextPlugin](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#setrtltextplugin) documentation.

## Where is fitBounds?

> You can use the `WebMercatorViewport` utility to find the target viewport that fits around a lngLat bounding box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `WebMercatorViewport` utility to find the target viewport that fits around a longitude-latitude bounding box:
```
